Button groups guidance PR (#4647)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/components/button/usage.mdx

For guidance on button heights, see [Size](/components/button/style/#size) on
the Style tab.

> Carbon does not recommend mixing different button sizes in #button-groups.

Reviewer: Do we normally refer to ourselves as "Carbon"? Just curious, because I've never seen it before. Maybe something like "We do not recommend..." or "Mixing button sizes is not recommended..."?

Reviewer 2: The last two options listed are more correct. It's fine to use 'We' in the documentation. 'Carbon' sounds a little awkward here.

</Column>
</Row>

#### Button group combinations

Button groups can consist of different button variants depending on the product use case.
Carbon recommends the following combination of button groups.

<Title>Button groups with a primary button</Title>

<Row className="table--component-checklist">
<Column colMd={8} colLg={8} noGutterSm>

> | Number of buttons | Recommended combniations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Number of buttons | Recommended combinations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

</Column>
</Row>

<Title>Button groups without a primary button</Title>

<Row className="table--component-checklist">
<Column colMd={8} colLg={8} noGutterSm>

| Number of buttons | Recommended combniations                                                                                                                                 |
| ------------------| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 2                 | <UnorderedList><ListItem>2 Tertiary buttons</ListItem><ListItem>Tertiary and ghost button</ListItem><ListItem>2 Ghost buttons</ListItem></UnorderedList> |
| 3                 | <UnorderedList><ListItem>3 Tertiary buttons</ListItem><ListItem>2 Tertiary and 1 danger tertiary button</ListItem></UnorderedList>                                                                                   |

</Column>
</Row>

#### Button group combinations to avoid

Button groups can consist of different button variants depending on the product use case.

> Carbon recommends to avoid the following combination of button groups.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Carbon recommends avoiding the following combination of button groups.
```

> <DoDontRow>

Reviewer 3: @alina-jacob The order of these images still have not changed position in the deployment preview. Not sure if you are seeing something different on your end.
